[event-hubs] Removed checkpointstore sample and reference it instead (#6763)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/samples/javascript/README.md

| [useWithIotHub.js][usewithiothub]                                         | demonstrates how to use the `EventHubClient` with an `IotHub` instance                                                                                                                  |
| [websockets.js][websockets]                                               | demonstrates how to use WebSockets enable Event Hubs to work over an HTTP proxy and in environments where the standard AMQP port 5671 is blocked (see the sample for more information)  |
| [usingAadAuth.js][usingaadauth]                                           | demonstrates how to instantiate EventHubsClient using AAD token credentials obtained from using Service Principal Secrets                                                               |

> | [receiveEvents.js][receiveevents]                                         | demonstrates how to use the EventHubConsumerClient to process events from all partitions of a consumer group in an Event Hubs instance.                                                 |

Reviewer: Is there any reason we can't leave the link in and just point to the version in the eventhub-checkpointstore-blob package's sample folder? It would make it more easily discoverable.

Reviewer 2: Thats a great idea

Author: I added a link and a short explanation below the table. All throughout the samples everything else in these tables has the property of "anything in the table is in the zip file," and I didn't want to break that consistency so I made it a little more visually distinct. I think we are good to merge here.

| [useWithIotHub.js][usewithiothub]                                         | demonstrates how to use the `EventHubClient` with an `IotHub` instance                                                                                                                  |
| [websockets.js][websockets]                                               | demonstrates how to use WebSockets enable Event Hubs to work over an HTTP proxy and in environments where the standard AMQP port 5671 is blocked (see the sample for more information)  |
| [usingAadAuth.js][usingaadauth]                                           | demonstrates how to instantiate EventHubsClient using AAD token credentials obtained from using Service Principal Secrets                                                               |
| [receiveEvents.js][receiveevents]                                         | demonstrates how to use the EventHubConsumerClient to process events from all partitions of a consumer group in an Event Hubs instance.                                                 |

> **Note**: `EventHubConsumerClient` supports checkpointing using the `@azure/eventhubs-checkpointstore-blob` and `@azure/storage-blob` packages. For an example that demonstrates how to use this functionality, see [this link][checkpointing].

Reviewer 2: Link texts should have contextual information to help screenreaders

```suggestion
**Note**: `EventHubConsumerClient` supports checkpointing using the `@azure/eventhubs-checkpointstore-blob` and `@azure/storage-blob` packages. For an example that demonstrates how to use this functionality, see the sample [receiveEventsUsingCheckpointStore.js][checkpointing].
```

Author: Addressed this in the latest commit

[usewithiothub]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/samples/javascript/useWithIotHub.js
[websockets]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/samples/javascript/websockets.js
[usingaadauth]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/samples/javascript/usingAadAuth.js
[receiveevents]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/samples/javascript/receiveEvents.js
[apiref]: https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/event-hubs

> [checkpointing]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/eventhub/eventhubs-checkpointstore-blob/samples/receiveEventsUsingCheckpointStore.js

Reviewer 2: This is going to a 404

Author: The file that link points to is in this commit, so it will not 404 once it is merged.
